Update docs (#54)
cvat-ai/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/advanced/projects.md

(which will be used for tasks created as parts of this project) and a link to the issue.
Learn more about [creating a label list](/docs/manual/basics/creating_an_annotation_task/#labels).

> To save and open project click to `Submit & Open` button or
> can click to `Submit & Continue` button for creating several projects in sequence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save and open project click on `Submit & Open` button. Also you
can click on `Submit & Continue` button for creating several projects in sequence
```
